Enhance REAMDE.md (#257)
signalfx/splunk-otel-android: README.md

  Set/change the default polling interval for slow/frozen render detection.
  Default is 1000ms. Value must be positive. 
- `disableSlowRenderingDetection()` :

>   Disable the detection of slow frame renders (default is enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Disables the detection of slow frame renders. Enabled by default.
```

> - `enableDiskBuffering()` : 

Reviewer 2: @breedx-splk I've changed some of these names in #255 to match the other properties, please take a look at that

Author: Cool, I think I've got it updated to match.

>   Enables the storage-based buffering of telemetry.

Reviewer: @jkwatson @breedx-splk Sounds like this might come in handy in certain scenarios. What are those?

Reviewer 2: For example, when you have an app that may work offline for extended periods of time (like a GPS trail tracker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enables the storage-based buffering of telemetry. This setting is useful when instrumenting applications that might work offline for extended periods of time.
```

Author: Eventually we want this to be the default....but for now it's opt-in because it's new.

  okhttp `Call.Factory` wrapper that can be applied to your client. See
  the `createRumOkHttpCallFactory(OkHttpClient)` for details.

> #### Slow / Frozen Renders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Detection of slow or frozen renders
```

> By default, Splunk RUM will detect and report slow and frozen screen renders.
> To disable this feature, call `.disableSlowRenderingDetection()` on the 
> `Config.Builder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Splunk RUM detects and reports slow or frozen screen renders.
To disable this feature, call `.disableSlowRenderingDetection()` on the 
`Config.Builder`.
```

Reviewer: Why would someone want to disable this feature?

> The Splunk RUM definitions of "slow" and "frozen" are in line with the
> [Android Vitals definitions](https://developer.android.com/topic/performance/vitals/frozen):
> 
> | category | speed   | spanName      | span attr |
> |----------|---------|---------------|-----------|
> | slow     | > 16ms  | slowRenders   | count     | 
> | frozen   | > 700ms | frozenRenders | count     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Splunk RUM defines renders as slow or frozen following the [Android Vitals definitions](https://developer.android.com/topic/performance/vitals/frozen):

| Category | Speed   | spanName      | Attribute   |
|----------|---------|---------------|-----------|
| Slow     | >16ms  | slowRenders   | count     | 
| Frozen   | >700ms | frozenRenders | count     |
```

  okhttp `Call.Factory` wrapper that can be applied to your client. See
  the `createRumOkHttpCallFactory(OkHttpClient)` for details.

#### Detection of slow or frozen renders

By default, Splunk RUM detects and reports slow or frozen screen renders.

> To disable this feature, call `.disableSlowRenderingDetection()` on the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To disable this feature, call `.slowRenderingDetectionEnabled(false)` on the 
```
